This is the DMAKE Version 3.8 distribution.  DMAKE is a Make like tool that
has been written by me and has been used by individuals at the University of
Waterloo.  This release replaces the previous version 3.7 release which is no
longer supported.  Please read the file 'readme/release' which accompanies
this distribution and describes details of this release (This note is found
in readme/cover).

dmake is available for anonymous ftp from watmsg.uwaterloo.ca address is
129.97.141.9.  It is in the pub/dmake directory, set your mode to binary,
and copy either:

	dmake38.tar.Z		- compressed tar archive
	dmake38.zoo		- zoo archive
	dmake38-msdos-exe.zoo	- MSDOS executable zoo archive

	dmake38.shar01		- xx part shar archive, get all parts
	...
	dmake38.sharxx

	dmake38.patchY          - Patch Y for dmake 3.8

Note that all archives are created on a UNIX system.  This means that the
distributions heading for DOS-land need to have the <lf> turned into a
<cr><lf>.  There exist a number of filters for doing this (sed comes to mind),
and is easily run over each file using a UNIX shell script.  Thus I don't
provide two different versions of the archives.

dmake is different from other versions of make in that it supports significant
enhancements (See the man page).  A short summary of the more important
ones follows:

	. support for portable makefiles
	. runs on many platforms (DOS, generic unix [sysv and bsd4.3],
	  apollo, OS/2, Atari, and many others)
	. significantly enhanced macro facilities
	. transitive closure on inference graph
	. sophisticated inference algorithm
	. support for traversing the file sytem both during making of targets
	  and during inference
	. %-meta rules for specifying rules to be used for inferring
	  prerequisites
	. highly configurable
	. support for libraries
	. parallel making of targets on architectures that support it
	. attributed targets
	. text diversions
	. group recipes
	. swapping itself to DISK under MSDOS
	. supports MKS extended argument passing convention

All code found in this distribution is original and written by me except where
noted in the source and the following:

- dbug/dbug package from Fred Fish  (dmake DEBUG=1, to make a debugging version
  of dmake)

- malloc.c package in dbug/malloc from the NET, see the directory for
  attribution.

-dennis
